docs: add info about Yarn, add code format, add .md variables (#23)
actualbudget/actual: README.md

[repositoryUrl]: https://github.com/actualbudget
[repositoryDocs]: https://github.com/actualbudget/actual/tree/master/docs
[repositoryRelease]: https://github.com/actualbudget/actual/blob/master/docs/releasing.md
[repositoryContributing]: https://github.com/actualbudget/actual/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

This is the source code for [Actual](https://actualbudget.com), a local-first personal finance tool. It is 100% free and open-source.

If you are only interested in running the latest version, you don't need this repo. You can get the latest version through npm.

More docs are available in the [docs][repositoryDocs] folder.

> If you are interested in contributing, or want to know how development works, see [CONTRIBUTING.md][repositoryContributing]

Reviewer: This is only used once, why is it pulled out?

Join the [discord](https://discord.gg/pRYNYr4W5A)!

## Installation

### The easy way: using a server (recommended)

The easiest way to get Actual running is to use the [actual-server][repositoryUrl] project. That is the server for syncing changes across devices, and it comes with the latest version of Actual. The server will provide both the web project and a server for syncing.

> - This project use Yarn as main package manager as *yarn.lock* file is provided but feel free to delete the file and use NPM, PNPM, etc... and use proper commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This project use Yarn as its main package manager, other package managers may be used but stability can't be guaranteed.
```

I think this could cause some headaches down the line. The setup of this repo is quite fragile and I don't think we should give the impression that we support all package managers.

Author: I totally understand Your opinion and I've agree, let's change it this way, thank You :)
